a prime example use it as your friend
there's three ways to use your fishing
planet cover where you're from decision
can caste between lanes always put the
win to your back I can pick a lane throw
it out the mine stays straight from the
rods it because the winds helping it and
I can actually thread this right through
some really fine areas because I'm using
the wind the key to the windier back you
get longer distance throws but when you
do that you got to really make sure you
keep up lower control because you're
actively drifting in here so it looks
like I'm really fast like this I'm not
ran into a crosswind
this is where it gets touchy because
your accuracy isn't good but if I want
to throw it across these sticks
you got to go upwind and you create a
pole in your line
now what happens with that boat is you
got to keep up with the lure because now
you're changing the course of this bait
using the wind to catch your line and
bring it in into comfort structure and
you just got to keep up to it because
when you get hit you got to bring up
that slap and set the hook
the last cast is thrown right into the
wind problem here is is your backlash
releasing throw it out there you're not
going to have the distance because
you're throwing into the wind but now
you have complete boat control putting
your nose of your boat straight into the
wind and you can slow down your lure and
you have precision mechanics I'm working
that tool through the water call so this
would be the the best way to do it to
keep your bait at a constant the whole
retrieve so just remember that next time
your swim bait fish it's going to help
you put your lure in venta place is
easier and you're not going to get foul
hooked around the bushes and you're
going to make some better presentations
for these fish
this is a perfectly I'm gonna use the
wind to my back and I'll show you the
distance but I can show you the link
just like that I could actually brush
well across that brush do a couple
correctional changes
and work this entire lane displays a
window my back
you